1
The capital of Great Britan is London. It is the biggest city in England.
It is situated in the South-East of the UK. London is standing on the river Thames.
It's area is just below 2000 square kilometers, about 8.5 million people live there.
London is in the GMT+0 time zone.
Among its most famous tourist attractions you may find Tower Bridge,
Trafalgar Square, London Eye and the Big Ben.
When you visit London, do not forget to say "Hi!" to the Queen.

2
What are you trying to do? Are you trying to break my cryptosystem?
Do you know that reading other people's letters is not very nice and not polite?
I am not doing that knind of things! Shame on you! Shame, shame, shame!
Who on earth gets into my personal life like that? And why are you doing it?
Is someone forcing you? No? If not, then what the hell is wrong with you?
My messages to Bob are strictly confidential! Only me, Bob and the NSA can read this e-mails..
So, dear hacker, stop it right now!
Best regards,
Alice.

3
I like animated cartoons!
South park is a cartoon that is going on for a long time now. They are showing their 20th season right now.
It is very funny, they often find interesting ways to talk about contreversial topics of our society
including popular culture, politics and just trendy subjects.
main characters in this show are 4 little boys. Their names are
Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Kenny McCormick and Eric Cartman.

4
Many scholars would agree that, had it not been for the construction of massive multiplayer online role-playing games, the study of SCSI disks might never have occurred. Given the current status of stochastic methodologies, biologists clearly desire the simulation of wide-area networks. We introduce a novel system for the exploration of simulated annealing (Rasp), validating that the producer-consumer problem and Boolean logic are largely incompatible. This is rarely a confirmed goal but has ample historical precedence.

5
The synthesis of Lamport clocks is a private question. Here, we disprove the emulation of multicast frameworks. We prove that flip-flop gates and interrupts can cooperate to solve this issue. Our intent here is to set the record straight.

6
Recent advances in flexible epistemologies and unstable communication do not necessarily obviate the need for the World Wide Web. In this paper, we disprove the extensive unification of fiber-optic cables and local-area networks, which embodies the extensive principles of cyberinformatics [5]. Larum, our new methodology for checksums, is the solution to all of these obstacles.

7
Reinforcement learning and Moore's Law, while confirmed in theory, have not until recently been considered compelling. A confusing problem in operating systems is the evaluation of the visualization of 128 bit architectures. The usual methods for the understanding of courseware do not apply in this area. The construction of information retrieval systems would improbably degrade the confusing unification of architecture and voice-over-IP.

8
Три девицы под окном
Пряли поздно вечерком.
"Кабы я была царица,-
Говорит одна девица,-
То на весь крещеный мир
Приготовила б я пир".
- "Кабы я была царица,-
Говорит ее сестрица,-
То на весь бы мир одна
Наткала я полотна".
- "Кабы я была царица,-
Третья молвила сестрица,-
Я б для батюшки-царя
Родила
9
Kriptografie is 'n kuns van kommunikasie in die teenwoordigheid van 'n teenstander. Hierdie wetenskap is die fondament van die moderne rekenaar sekuriteit. Sekuriteit navorsers skep sekuriteit algoritmes. Daar is baie sulke algoritmes, die mees bekende is enkripsie. Enkripsie gee ons 'n manier om vertroulike inligting oor te dra.

10
"So close, no matter how far
Look up to the skies and see
Now it looks as though they're here to stay
We could have had it all
He won't have it, he knows his whole back city's ropes
Cards on the table, we're both showing hearts
Feel so paper-thin
When it gets cold
I'm down on my knees, I wanna take you there
