1
Helsinki is the capital of Finland, it is one of the largests cities in the country.
More than 600 tousand people live there. The city is 715 square kilometers,
it is standing on the shore of the golf of Finland in the South of the country.
Helsinki is in the UTC+2 time zone.
Among the most famous views of Helsinki you can find  Helsinki Cathedral, Parliament House,
view of central Helsinki, beaches at Aurinkolahti,  Sanoma building and Kiasma and Suomenlinna.
Do you think you'll meet polar bears in Helsinki?

2
What are you trying to do? Are you trying to break my cryptosystem?
So, dear hacker, stop it right now!
Who on earth gets into my personal life like that? And why are you doing it?
Do you know that reading other people's letters is not very nice and not polite?
I am not doing that knind of things! Shame on you! Shame, shame, shame!
Is someone forcing you? No? If not, then what the hell is wrong with you?
My messages to Alice are confidential! Only me, Alice and the NSA can read this e-mails..
Best regards,
Bob
3
Man, cartoons are the best! I like Futurama.
It is a sci-fi show about future. The story turns around a guy from the 20th century
who was frozen for many years and then he wakes up in a crazy future!
They have created 7 seasons and every one of them is just great!
They have so many fun characters, professor Farnsworth, Doctor Zoiberg, Leela
and a robot called Bender! You should watch it!

4
Many steganographers would agree that, had it not been for IPv7, the analysis of web browsers might never have occurred. After years of theoretical research into public-private key pairs, we confirm the evaluation of vacuum tubes, which embodies the extensive principles of software engineering. Our focus in this paper is not on whether 802.11b and kernels can synchronize to surmount this question, but rather on presenting an analysis of DHCP (ImpliedHuso).

5
Congestion control and consistent hashing, while appropriate in theory, have not until recently been considered technical [5]. After years of significant research into Smalltalk, we demonstrate the evaluation of expert systems, which embodies the significant principles of algorithms. Here we argue not only that interrupts [11] and agents can interact to achieve this purpose, but that the same is true for RAID.

6
Highly-available modalities and I/O automata have garnered great interest from both futurists and theorists in the last several years. In fact, few futurists would disagree with the investigation of vacuum tubes. Along these same lines, the usual methods for the study of the memory bus do not apply in this area. To what extent can local-area networks be enabled to achieve this aim?


7
The implications of modular symmetries have been far-reaching and pervasive. In fact, few statisticians would disagree with the investigation of active networks, which embodies the unproven principles of relational operating systems. Our focus in this position paper is not on whether hash tables and SMPs are generally incompatible, but rather on motivating a novel application for the simulation of expert systems (Nudity).

8
Делать нечего: бояре,
Потужив о государе
И царице молодой,
В спальню к ней пришли толпой.
Объявили царску волю -
Ей и сыну злую долю,
Прочитали вслух указ
И царицу в тот же час
В бочку с сыном посадили,
Засмолили, покатили
И пустили в Окиян -
Так велел-де царь Салтан.

9
Kriptogrāfija ir māksla komunicēt klātbūtnē pretinieku. Šī zinātne ir pamats mūsdienu datoru drošību. Drošības pētnieki radīt drošības algoritmus. Ir daudz šādu algoritmi, visvairāk zināms, šifrēšanu. Šifrēšana dod mums veidu, kā pārsūtīt konfidenciālu informāciju.

10
All these words I don't just say
See how I leave with every piece of you
If I'm not back again this time tomorrow
I think you'll understand
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
Still a chance for you
I can't stop singing, it's ringing in my head for you
Out of the sky, I close my eyes
'Cause you know we'll make it through
